movement
what's position can't lock in
talk to me hot side multiple signals
they're closing go to infrared people up
shop
I got signals I got readings in front
and behind where man shit right there's
nothing back here
welcome telling you there's something
moving in it ain't us maybe they don't
show up on you for read at all
incinerators and fall back by squads
incinerated I said I want you to lay
down a suppressing fire with the
incinerators and fall back
come on let's go
forget him he's done
goddamn dog ate this
dan begun tractor fire multiple targets
those animals go vegans down 50%
shooting gallery down there
you guys left on be sporty 20 and be
guns drive 20 on a
many can't tell watch T guns down 50%
and stop